"You adopt a clementine tree from our farm in Corigliano Calabro (Italy). The cultivation has been certified as organic by the European Union since 1992, and as Demeter as of 2011.

When placing the adoption you can choose a name which we will use to identify your clementine tree.

The clementine is a member of the Rutaceae family and a cross between a bitter orange and a mandarin. The plant has a globular shape, dense branches and reaches up to 5 metres in height. The leaves are dark green while the flowers are typical of citrus fruits - completely white.

They are cultivated throughout southern Italy, but it is in Calabria that they have found their ideal environment. This is why in 1992, the trademark 'Clementine di Calabria IGP' was created to valorise the fruit and the production area. The latter in fact does not include the whole of Calabria, but only some specific areas, including the Sibari plain, where we are located.

The Caffin clementine is named after its discoverer, M. Caffin, who discovered this variety in 1968 in Morocco, and from there it soon spread throughout the Mediterranean. It differs from other clementine varieties in that it ripens very early, as early as the first ten days of October. The common clementine originated in Algeria from a cross between the bitter orange and the common mandarin and spread to Italy between 1930 and 1950.

Your adoption is 12 years old and its maximum lifespan is 60 years. For as long as you want to keep your adoption, and we can continue taking care of it, you can renew year after year. If your adoption stops producing for any reason, we will replace it with another, and guarantee you the delivery from the production of other units.

Your clementine tree produces an average of 20kg of Demeter organic clementines each season. You do not have to commit to ordering the entire harvest though. Each season you can decide how much you want to reserve, and you pay the maintenance cost according to that amount. This way you only pay for what you plan to consume, and we can offer any surplus harvest to others.
"












You adopt an avocado tree from our farm in Almuñecar (Spain). The cultivation here is certified as organic by the European Union as of 2018.

When placing the adoption you can choose a name which we will use to identify your avocado tree.

The avocado tree, which is part of the Lauraceae family along with cinnamon and laurel, grows vertically in search of sunlight and can reach quite an impressive height. It originally comes from Mesoamerica, where the influence of the tropical climate is perfect for its growth. They are really colourful trees, which throughout the year cover our valleys and hills in a green blanket, except in the springtime, when their yellow flowers alter our landscape for a few weeks.

We grow different varieties on our farms, meaning that we can collect avocados throughout the year. The main ones in terms of yield are Hass and Lamb Hass. These two varieties have important differences between them when it comes to harvest time, characteristics of the fruit, and development of the tree. What's more, we grow the Bacon and Fuerte varieties, known as "green-skinned" avocados as they don't change their colour when they ripen. Finally, we offer the new Maluma Hass variety, which is quite similar to the Hass but with a smaller stone and, therefore, more pulp.

We've been working with avocados for many years here at Loma del Gato. We know their needs and we've successfully implemented responsible agriculture to achieve organic practices in line with EU regulations. What's more, we like to instil our philosophy in our neighbours, showing them that responsible and sustainable agriculture is a key part of our environment.

Your adoption is 31 years old and its maximum lifespan is 40 years. For as long as you want to keep your adoption, and we can continue taking care of it, you can renew year after year. If your adoption stops producing for any reason, we will replace it with another, and guarantee you the delivery from the production of other units.

By adopting an avocado tree you can receive up to 16 kg of organic avocados each season. You do not have to commit to ordering the entire harvest though. Each season you can decide how much you want to reserve, and you pay the maintenance cost according to that amount. This way you only pay for what you plan to consume, and we can offer any surplus harvest to others.
"














"You adopt a clementine tree from our farm in Tallone (France). The cultivation here is certified as organic by the European Union since 2008.

During the process of adoption you can choose a name which we will use to identify your clementine tree.

The clementine trees in our orchard produce organic clementines of the “Fine de Corse” variety, which is one of the first to have been planted in Corsica and one of those best suited to the climate of the "Isle of Beauty".

The clementine tree, or Citrus clementina, is a hybrid resulting from the crossing of a mandarin tree and a variety of willow-leaved bitter orange tree. It was first produced in Algeria in the early 20th century by a Spiritan cleric, Brother Clément, after whom it is named. Clementines are seasonal fruits, usually produced between early November and early January, but this can vary depending on the year and the climate.

The clementine is one of those rare citrus trees that bear seedless fruit. It is a self-incompatible hybrid, i.e. sterile. Clementines are therefore basically propagated by grafting. New varieties can be produced through natural mutation or by cross-fertilisation with another citrus fruit, which will give seed-bearing clementines.

The first clementines were planted in Corsica in 1925 by Don Philippe Semidei at Figaretto, in the island’s Eastern Plain. Today, 98% of French clementines are produced in eastern Corsica. The Corsican clementine is distinguished from other clementines by its Protected Geographical Indication (PGI), conferred in 2007. The PGI is an official European quality designation that guarantees a link between a product and its area of origin at the production, packaging and processing stages. Based on very strict specifications, this designation marks the excellence of a product, where all the production stages derive from its original terroir, as well as the specific know-how of a sector that enjoys a worldwide reputation.

Located between sea and mountains in the eastern plain of Haute Corse, our farm enjoys exceptional climatic conditions – a temperate climate, and rainfall and humidity that are higher than in other Mediterranean production areas.

Our clementines are cultivated in accordance with European Union regulations on Organic Farming. Our supervisory authority is Ecocert. We also operate with Global GAP certification, so as to guarantee food safety and sustainable development at the farm.

Your adoption is 26 years old and its productive life is around 50 years. For as long as you want to keep it and we can continue taking care of it, you can renew your adoption year after year. If your adoption dies, we will replace it with no additional cost assuring the delivery of your harvest from others.

By adopting a clementine tree you can receive up to 30kg of organic clementines PGI Corsica each season. You do not have to commit to ordering the entire harvest though. Each season you can decide how much you want to reserve, and you pay the maintenance cost according to that amount. This way you only pay for what you plan to consume, and we can offer any surplus harvest to others.
"